on an island off the coast of Scotland
something was summoned from the depths
of hell something that would end mankind
usurp things he worried about to show up
you did
we face every birth there is and yet you
take me in
hello son made me a goddamn weapon
where's my buyer there
mr. Loeb ladies and gentlemen out there
there's a fifth-century sorceress who
wants to bring down the curtain on
London and the world
great homework
[Music]
why do you fight for those who hates and
fear you you are meant for this
out of the ashes
okay I'd appreciate a prophecy even more
relatable steaks have we got to be
saving the world or something yeah okay
come on let's get you in face-off
yeah koalas dude
[Music]
be my key
[Applause]
belong together human time
we do but it's not gonna work you know
cuz I'm a Capricorn and your
[Music]